we on earth understand God with our
earthly understanding we understand him
through our mind through our imagination
through our books and other things where
he's described as such answer there is a
big big mystic God and His divine power
it's a big mystery mystery for all the
human beings and you cannot concede with
your limited mind the working of God's
divine power he is also very mysterious
whatever we call mysterious means that
it is beyond our mind we cannot conceive
it in our life this power of love is
variously what we think is love is not
the way he grabs us or his power of
compassion his power of forgiveness is
extremely mysterious for us because we
are so imperfect because of our
imperfection it cannot understand the
person who is absolute who is perfect
when we seek Him we see through our
imperfections and that's how we form our
ideas according to our own imperfections
about
say for a small little ant if you have
to convey the political issue that is
facing Britain today is it possible
because for the poor little act it is
not even conceivable that we have a mind
which thinks which has the imagination
which projects like an octopus was all
wrong that just these catches that it
cannot even understand that we have a
kind of a freedom by which we can do
what we like
the conception cannot be contained in
that little mind of little head of that
tiny creature but the difference between
an ant and a human being is that ant has
no ego now the probability human beings
is that despite the same core
relationship or we can say despite the
same parallel as a human being and God
an ant and man top the whole thing is
the ego part which in a way makes us
even lower than an act because our
reception is so cool that we cannot see
that there must be something mysterious
about what God has to be a mystery for
human beings I have to understand the
mystery we have to enter into a new
realm more than what we can really
understand with his human awareness
there has to be another plane from which
we should try to see this mystery
because we cannot understand anything
about how he does it I didn't see now in
chemistry if you see the periodical laws
that exist it's fantastic absolutely fun
that look at a little amoeba how it
abscent look at small animals who live
in the rivers and who live in the seas
the number of creatures that are living
harmoniously not like human beings but
quite harmoniously accepting each
other's demand even on the life so with
his freedom and such a big mystery and a
big ego in between is difficult for us
to conceive his greatness his compassion
his life that whatever he does is for
the betterment for of our spirit even if
he killed someone it is for the
betterment of the Spirit even if he
thrashes someone and throws him down
many hills it is for the betterment of
this way Mary puts you to problems and
troubles it is for the betterment of
your spirit anything that happens to you
is a testing ground for the betterment
of your spirit he is working day in and
day out just to improve your awareness
in your spirit
to feel your spirit everything the
nature the beauty everything is worth
little so that you the human beings
should feel his Beauty should know him
in your own awareness should feel the
vibrant love of God for ages it has been
worked out imagine since this world was
created till today with various
incarnations who came on this earth to
the present live to talk about him to
work about him to improve our different
centers within us and then suddenly when
we were faced face to face we can't
believe that it can happen within the
mixture of fighting ego and super-ego
but first of all we cannot believe
ourselves that we are capable of getting
realization and secondly I think that we
are afraid to get realized
thirdly we do not trust anyone who talks
of realization the third world is a good
idea not trusting but at least trust
yourself you start from that point we
first yourself that you should get your
realization otherwise why do you call
you are a seeker you have to get your
realization or doubt about it but when
it comes to trust whom do we trust
say for example when Christ said that
God is my father he has sent me
specially to do this work we couldn't
believe it this man is son of a
carpenter problem like this better
crucifying and our compassion went to a
confirmed thief than to the adoration of
the Son of God now when he died of
course his son of God the Holy Ghost
everything stops I mean any normal then
people start believing I don't know why
they even today believe that you know
son of God why do they believe even the
Holy Ghost I mean even the Bible why
should we believe what is the authority
of Bible
how many slam can ask that question then
ask a question what is the authority of
Bible why do you believe in facts
I mean if you take out the Bible they
say what is the authority they may say
Christ is the authority but tries them a
road Babel so what if the authority is
your own ego you want to believe in want
to believe in it
that's all you want to believe that
helps to sort of many questions because
anything happens you say alright it's
God's wish because we can use him better
when he was crucified before that he
cannot use it because he was independent
he was living there when he died is very
handy so we accept him
we do not question was that a mistake
for him to say that he was the son of
God
knitting it was a mistake that Christ
said that he was the son of God because
of that he was crucified do you think it
was a mistake that he said the truth
about himself would you say that how how
can you justify he saying see if he was
crucified for that then he was
indiscriminate one would say that to say
such a thing
there was no discrimination it was not
wise to say after all you would have
lived longer you know spend better time
with his mother you could have built a
house or something like that you know a
mosque some money or some sort of a very
important thing you would have done but
there's the mystery that's the mystery
we do not know because we want to see it
from our angle and as a point he just
give it and he don't justify then we do
not rationalize it at a point we just
give up oh it's all right
he's got we need your point there you
say all right he was on a lot with you
whatever you wanted you did not already
for proper how are we to judge but now
not when you get I must say God eternity
but human beings are great atmosphere
and God to me at least I mean they know
how far to go and how to switch off
suddenly to something oh that's divine
after your point they go on
rationalizing intellectualizing
and then this opacity:1 finished
none of you have seen him walking on the
water did you not he being resurrected
none of you so why should we believe
that he did that with the question we
should ask ourselves what he did that he
was the son of God
but how are we to believe into it you
have to become something more to know
the mystery of his life why he purified
himself why he accepted that life and
why with all his powers that he is going
to come to destroy the whole world now
why did he not destroy these people who
were trying to purify what was the road
he had to play in his lifetime he cannot
understand with this human awareness you
have to become something more and that's
why he again and again said you are to
be born again how many of us think that
we are to be born again are we born
again we certify many people said if I
am Barney I am a Christian meaning born
again Musel mom is missing and brahman
means the same those who are born again
now how are you born again he is again I
make belief that I'm born again
self-certification walking around with a
certificated human-beings giving the
certificate to human beings so what is
the truth but if you are ardently
seeking the truth then the mysteries can
be open to you but you have to seek the
truth an truth alone
nothing else if you want to live with
your ego go ahead
nobody can gee when you start seeing
your evil you have to know that this is
not yourself something beyond because
true ego whatever you have known is all
a chaos all that knowledge that you got
to go is creating all the problems of
the world all the fears you have
gathered through your super-ego is
another disaster for human beings there
must be something that God must have put
within us some light by which we can see
something beyond our ego and super
enlightened until that happens to you
you cannot understand the mystery of God
and His love you cannot understand human
love has no depth to feel the depth of
God's love and his heart he saw servant
he so ego-oriented
his heart has could melt open it has to
melt completely and flow this frozen
heart is like an iceberg has to be
dissolved in the ocean of his life
otherwise you can never get to the
depths of the people write to me mother
I am not in love with Samantha so how
can I be happy with that person that
person will be miserable now
living with that person for years you
are having children from that person you
don't love you don't love anyone you
cannot love you don't know what love is
they fall into love's pollen and some
sort of a thing for them is now I don't
know what is love for human beings to be
very frank I don't understand
here they are fall in love and next day
they are out to the courts and according
to the falling in love is something you
see out of the blue oh I have fallen in
love yeah I have yet to come across a
person who has really fallen in love
because as soon as something comes up
that companionship and that love that
enjoyment of oneness vanish heart has to
melt hearts must meet where they have no
stones in between otherwise these Tony
hardsuits
attract each other even I think two
stones try to meet each other loving
each other and how can they love I can't
understand it's a big mystery that human
beings know how to live with
artificiality and it falls believes they
compromise but spirit does not
compromise them it does it forgives
because it does it just forgives goes on
forgiving forgiving because it loves and
then it punishes also because it was a
nice tries also because
that's the spirit has to shine through
yourself realization talking being about
self-realization and pay hundred rupees
get your sunglasses on all these
nonsense is at such a low event such a
quality that the beauty of his mystery
is just after me you are in the chamber
of asset and believing here in the
kingdom of God there is forgiveness
there is love there is compassion there
is understanding there is complete
all-pervading assurance and the support
and the hand that wants to raise an
anxious father who wants to soothe to
give you joy to give you eternal joy can
you think of someone like that he has
problems many problems he has problems
but the greatest problem is that he
cannot have a rapport with his own
children that he cannot give what he
wants to give to his children who have a
heart which has no emptiness which
cannot be filled like a cup with Islam
Kundalini does that suction in our heart
but first she enters
into the brain into the limbic area and
then it proceeds stores heart so this
mystery is solved once we start
engulfing our brain our carts our
thinking completely drenched in the
showers of His grace otherwise is
pipeline mind can never receive those
beautiful views of love which form these
two drops you have to be a flower to
receive many soft tender receptive
person and then only the fruit appears
when you mature a heart heart of a saint
which is larger than all the oceans of
the world such wisdom of enjoying one's
own love just that love that flows this
mystery I wish all of you could
achieving is like give up your ideas of
judging something on close levels you
have to become subtler try to enjoy
things do not be joyous
and you will get the benefit of this in
such in measurable quantities try to see
receive more of the grease drenched
yourself
it's so soothing it is the energy that
suit can you think of inner energy that
suits your mind completely that gives
you wisdom that coordinates the whole
atmosphere to make you happy this divine
energy is all pervading and to
understand the mystery of that
all-pervading power you have to become
self-realized you have to be born again
this is not the way out and to mature
after this rebirth if you need to make
fun of someone very but what did you get
all these days making fun now you are
here to get really something substantial
but I have thank you very much